Adds PassiveHealthCheck Fields to ServiceDefaults and IngressGateway (#18532)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/config-entries/ingress-gateway.mdx

| Parameter | Description | Data type | Default |
| ---       | ---         | ---       | ---     |
  | `Interval` | Specifies the time between checks. | string | `0s` |
  | `MaxFailures` | Specifies the number of consecutive failures allowed per check interval. If exceeded, Consul removes the host from the load balancer. | integer | `0` |
  | `EnforcingConsecutive5xx` | Specifies a percentage that indicates how many times out of 100 that Consul ejects the host when it detects an outlier status. The outlier status is determined by consecutive errors in the 500-599 response range. | integer | `100` |

>   | `MaxEjectionPercent` | The maximum % of an upstream cluster that can be ejected due to outlier detection. Defaults to 10% but will eject at least one host regardless of the value. | integer | `10` |

Author: So I really just took these descriptions from the code that was already implemented to update these documents. It looks like the people that implemented this just copy-pasted from the envoy docs, so I think they directly map to those fields.
https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/config/cluster/v3/outlier_detection.proto#envoy-v3-api-field-config-cluster-v3-outlierdetection-max-ejection-time 
IDK how we feel about copying directly for something like this.

>   | `BaseEjectionTime` | The base time that a host is ejected for. The real time is equal to the base time multiplied by the number of times the host has been ejected and is capped by max_ejection_time (Default 300s). Defaults to 30000ms or 30s. | string | `30s` |

Author: So it is based on an envoy field that we don't actually expose https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/config/cluster/v3/outlier_detection.proto#envoy-v3-api-field-config-cluster-v3-outlierdetection-max-ejection-time
but it does have that default.

>   | `BaseEjectionTime` | The base time that a host is ejected for. The real time is equal to the base time multiplied by the number of times the host has been ejected and is capped by max_ejection_time (Default 300s). Defaults to 30000ms or 30s. | string | `30s` |

Author: Should I add a link to it?

>   | `BaseEjectionTime` | The base time that a host is ejected for. The real time is equal to the base time multiplied by the number of times the host has been ejected and is capped by max_ejection_time (Default 300s). Defaults to 30000ms or 30s. | string | `30s` |

Reviewer: Yeah, I think we should say something like "The real time can not exceed the amount of time specified in Envoy's `max_ejection_time` field. Refer to the [Envoy documentation](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/config/cluster/v3/outlier_detection.proto#envoy-v3-api-field-config-cluster-v3-outlierdetection-max-ejection-time) for details."

My preference would still be to leave out the default value and put the onus on the practitioner to understand the Envoy configurations they can't set through Consul, but I won't fight too hard on that point.

| Parameter | Description | Data type | Default |
| ---       | ---         | ---       | ---     |
  | `Interval` | Specifies the time between checks. | string | `0s` |
  | `MaxFailures` | Specifies the number of consecutive failures allowed per check interval. If exceeded, Consul removes the host from the load balancer. | integer | `0` |
  | `EnforcingConsecutive5xx` | Specifies a percentage that indicates how many times out of 100 that Consul ejects the host when it detects an outlier status. The outlier status is determined by consecutive errors in the 500-599 response range. | integer | `100` |
  | `MaxEjectionPercent` | The maximum % of an upstream cluster that can be ejected due to outlier detection. Defaults to 10% but will eject at least one host regardless of the value. | integer | `10` |

>   | `BaseEjectionTime` | The base time that a host is ejected for. The real time is equal to the base time multiplied by the number of times the host has been ejected and is capped by max_ejection_time (Default 300s). Defaults to 30000ms or 30s. | string | `30s` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | `BaseEjectionTime` | Specifies the minimum amount of time that an ejected host must remain outside the cluster before rejoining. The real time is equal to the value of the `BaseEjectionTime` multiplied by the number of times the host has been ejected. The real time can not exceed the amount of time specified inthe `max_ejection_time` field. | string | `30s` |
```

| Parameter | Description | Data type | Default |
| ---       | ---         | ---       | ---     |
  | `Interval` | Specifies the time between checks. | string | `0s` |
  | `MaxFailures` | Specifies the number of consecutive failures allowed per check interval. If exceeded, Consul removes the host from the load balancer. | integer | `0` |
  | `EnforcingConsecutive5xx` | Specifies a percentage that indicates how many times out of 100 that Consul ejects the host when it detects an outlier status. The outlier status is determined by consecutive errors in the 500-599 response range. | integer | `100` |
  | `MaxEjectionPercent` | The maximum % of an upstream cluster that can be ejected due to outlier detection. Defaults to 10% but will eject at least one host regardless of the value. | integer | `10` |

>   | `BaseEjectionTime` | The base time that a host is ejected for. The real time is equal to the base time multiplied by the number of times the host has been ejected and is capped by max_ejection_time (Default 300s). Defaults to 30000ms or 30s. | string | `30s` |

Reviewer: Just to flag these as sections that need to have consistent language.

Author: done

Author: Done

| Parameter | Description | Data type | Default |
| ---       | ---         | ---       | ---     |
  | `Interval` | Specifies the time between checks. | string | `0s` |
  | `MaxFailures` | Specifies the number of consecutive failures allowed per check interval. If exceeded, Consul removes the host from the load balancer. | integer | `0` |
  | `EnforcingConsecutive5xx` | Specifies a percentage that indicates how many times out of 100 that Consul ejects the host when it detects an outlier status. The outlier status is determined by consecutive errors in the 500-599 response range. | integer | `100` |
  | `MaxEjectionPercent` | The maximum % of an upstream cluster that can be ejected due to outlier detection. Defaults to 10% but will eject at least one host regardless of the value. | integer | `10` |

>   | `BaseEjectionTime` | The base time that a host is ejected for. The real time is equal to the base time multiplied by the number of times the host has been ejected and is capped by max_ejection_time (Default 300s). Defaults to 30000ms or 30s. | string | `30s` |

Reviewer: Just to flag these as sections that need to have consistent language.

Author: Done
